What, you say you can save sperm?
Hahahaha
Scare you
Zhang Shoucheng
How many experts have taken the fake and there is no way
Even if it is the elixir at this auction
It's just to save his life
What are you?
Dare to boast about Haikou here
It's just the gibberish of an inferior person
It's really shameless
Mom, Mr. Zhang is in a hurry
Just let him try
What celestial fairy
It's just that he did the trick
Even this Daoist Sun, who can be called Dharma Eye
Can't cure sisters
He's a stinky loser of a porter
How can it be cured?
Gemini, you found a charlatan
As my fiancé, I'm so sad
You're just stubborn, aren't you?
What qualifications do you have to say that Mr. Zhang
Mr. Xie's clothing optics
personable
Look at this poor statue
Who has the strength to say?
A porter dares to come here to deceive
Zhang Shoucheng, you are really embarrassing
original
Just a stinky loser who doesn't have a job?
No money, no power, no ability
How dare you pretend to challenge Young Master Qin here?
That's right, Rong'er.
As long as you follow me
My Qin family will definitely help your sister buy medicinal pills.
Save his life
What is Qin Shao?
If you can save the bag
This pair of sisters can follow you.
Yeah, anyway.
I swear I can't be saved by this poor loser
Mom, what are you talking about?
Okay, the auction starts now
Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats.
Here is the first lot of our Skylark Tiangong
Ancient bronze tree
This lot is unknown.
unknown origin
The material is named because it is suspected of bronze in color.
Starting price 20,000
The ancient bronze tree is wrong
This is actually an ancient Tongtian sword that can go straight to heaven
Bodhi tree